we can also use dust water to to
increase plus 50% gold from cities now
we're making 30k footer Oh God Gabe
please you have to stop be eventually
we're not meant to be able to do this
hello there ladies and gentlemen I'm the
smithing Brit and today we're playing
endless legend a classically amazing 4 X
game which has actually been out for a
very long time now and yet still
receives updates I think it got its last
update around about October last year
which is absolutely crazy considering
how old this game is now this game has
been going for a long time it's seen a
lot of updates and to a normal gamer
that would mean wow this is a great
world loved game I can't wait to see
what happens but to someone like myself
that means hang on a second they've
updated it a couple of times oh there's
going to be a ton of exploits aren't
there and you know what ladies and
gentlemen I'd be right there are a
metric ton of exploits in this game and
we're going to be having a wonderful
time showcasing a couple of them today
we're going to be doing the most
cheesie's strategy imaginable to
guarantee you the lovely ladies and
gentlemen at home a surefire 100%
guaranteed victory every single time you
play anyway we're playing a Forex game
today ladies and gentlemen now what does
that mean well of course four extents
are some very simple things explore
expand exploit and exterminate us the
whole Forex Yonghwa is effectively
British colonial simulator it's
fantastic so make sure you set back your
relax ladies and gentlemen and you have
your cup of the finest Yorkshire tea
around that's right again yourself a
nice proof you're feeling down right
even more fantastic you might even give
this video like you lovely person thank
you very much now let's begin let's
start a brand new game of endless legend
now when you start a new game on endless
Legend you'll probably get all of this
good stuff you've got to set up your
game you've got to select your empire oh
there's so many empires you could choose
from you can have some AI so you can
have to play again so you're gonna have
to fight on it world against a group of
over place oh it's all very exciting now
there are a few factions you can be say
a bunch of subterranean mushroom people
the boring human faction or the strange
necromancer's there's a bunch of
different factions in this game and all
of them are great fun however we're not
interested in any of these factions
because honestly in my opinion they're
terrible we're interested in this
particular faction
right here the broken lords ladies and
gentlemen now you see the broken Lords
are important because unlike every
single of a faction in the game they
don't grow their population using food
they grow their population using dust
dust in this game is money so they use
money to make people and you know what
you can do those people you can use
those people to make money I know why
didn't people think that this could be
broken it's the broken Lords of course
they already have broken in their name
now the basic broken Lords which the
game wants you to play as they're okay
they have a couple of bonuses they have
slight increases in the amount of gold
per terrain they'll gain but honestly
it's not that great they're starting
bonuses are honestly pretty mediocre in
comparison to most factions which is why
you're not going to place the broken
Lords you're going to be playing as the
balanced spiff topia faction you'll
notice these guys have a lot more traits
in comparison to the regular broken
Lords but just what are all of these
traits well we went into the custom in
faction creator screen and made
something absolutely crazy we're going
to be keeping our appetite for dust
because it's fantastic but what we're
going to be adding on are a bunch of
traits which allow us to really improve
our Empire firstly dust efficiency +1
gold on every single terrain with dust
that's amazing secondly cellulose
mutation you just need this one don't
worry it'll make sense later basically
just means building stuff is much
cheaper brace yourself it's a pretty
strange one plus 50% city upkeep during
winter city upkeep is hardly anything
for these guys so don't worry and the
increased trade route bonus during
summer is very useful in efficient
extraction basically means we get less
strategic resources make trade not war
means we can't actually declare war
which is fantastic because we don't care
about war we care about gold businessman
oh my goodness what a fantastic trade
plus 30% golden cities you need this one
ladies and gentlemen it's completely
broken dust archaeology just a nice
little bonus want to give us an extra 20
starting gold that's pretty useful
that's basically an entire human extra
population we can have at the start
entrepreneur now this is a spicy one
plus one gold per citizen in cities very
jazzy you need that one fragile health
because I don't care about military
merchants bugzilla of trading and weak
defense because once again we just don't
care about military so there you have it
ladies and gentlemen this is the perfect
faction in my
for the entirety of endless legends and
we're going to be throwing them into a
classically fast default setup of
endless legends and showing you guys
just how ridiculously powerful these
guys are so our further ado ladies and
gentlemen let's jump into a perfect
recreation of the East India Trading
Company arriving on a brand new
continent and here we have a ladies and
gentlemen we're in the game now
immediately if you use two FPS games
this game might not be your major cup of
tea but trust me it's fantastic it's one
of the best games ever created it's
glorious
now we've gotten quite lucky with our
starter here ladies and gentlemen
because we've ended up in an environment
where we can get gold relatively easily
in fact we have one spawn point over
here where we can gain 17 gold just by
existing here now that looks fantastic
so that's exactly what we're going to do
we're going to drop down our City right
there and our first city is up and
running now in this world basically
everything is divided up into regions
each region has a couple of important
features which we'll get onto later but
each region can only ever have one city
which is a pretty interesting way of
doing borders it means because I've put
my city down here the AIS can no longer
settle in it I could put down a city
literally next door and this entire
region which we haven't even discovered
would be put under our control but most
importantly over in the region to our
left we've discovered an accurate
representation of everyone who I play
against online oh it's the money-making
Salt desert fantastic don't worry we'll
be getting that into our empire very
soon now when it comes to first city in
this game normally you're going to want
to expand rather slowly and rather
intelligently this is completely not the
case when it comes to our Empire all
expansion is completely nutley wacky and
trust me it's fantastic that way we're
mmediately going to start building a
second infantry dude and the founders
memorial but most importantly with the
money we have are just going to buy a
second worker and because we have that
second worker as you can see we go from
making 55 gold to making 62 gold
immediately this is going to confuse you
because it says you should only add 5
gold but this isn't the case he had some
more gold because the fact that our
faction our businessmen which is plus
30% gold for immediately making 15 more
gold than we've really should which is
fantastic anyway that's our first turned
complete ladies and gentlemen and things
already looking very good when it comes
to research you want to immediately grab
the Empire mint and then the lovely
we'll take over here and a search party
and probably all suicides yes that's
perfect anyway a perfect first term has
been completed for us and we've been
given our first mission simply go visit
this unspoiled ruins over here with a
hero who has free infantry units now
it's going to apparently take us five
turns to make this infantry dude however
because we have so much gold we're just
gonna be able to buy him for ninety four
gold and WA BAM it's as easy as that
we're gonna be getting our infantry dude
next turn lovely stuff indeed and now
we're going to send off a hero to go
investigate these ruins as our mission
has instructed missions in this game are
very important especially your main
function missions because they're going
to give you a lot of important resources
immediately our quest is updated saying
we need to get eighty gold and go bang
on this bore again so that's exactly
what we're going to have to do we're
going to have to wait one more turn and
then throw some gold acid right well BAM
search it again oh now we need to defeat
the army protecting the ruins well this
isn't a challenge it's just a tutorial
basically and WA BAM easy victory you
know we've got some spare gold so you
know we might as well do with it that's
right we're gonna get the Empire Mint up
and running this bad boy we're gonna
have to buy them next turn but this
thing is very important plus five gold
on the city's top but it's the plus 15%
gold which we genuinely do care about oh
so very much that thing's amazing now in
every single region there is effectively
one small group of natives always in our
case we've ended up with the horns these
guys are pretty easy to pacify they're
effectively a minor AI faction which you
can annex into your city and they'll
provide you of a small bonus these guys
produce a small bit of science but
effectively they're the native
population who we've gone here we now
control all of your lands please give
them to us and you know what most of the
time they're more than happy to do it
now when it comes to this minor faction
over here we need a way of dealing with
them now normally you can either bribe
or somehow convince them to join your
empire in our case we're going to have
to attack them and this is great because
it gives us experience and it subjugates
and destroys their entire native village
rest in peace that tiny tiny village now
we're going to be able to rebuild them
because that's what we should be doing
so we're gonna be getting some money
from them very soon we're probably also
going to want to start constructing a
settler because they are very important
to get down now the reason why it's very
very important to go money only instead
of actually splitting your resources and
dividing your attention by
now say investing in production and
science is because money can buy you all
the other things this game has to offer
you see where as you would normally need
a lot of production to say build up
these geo McLeod's in 5 turns time
instead we can just buy them for 126
gold okay so the sewer system we can
just do the same having a sewer system
grants us more gold effectively books we
have increased approval which is going
to increase the amount of gold we
produce so effectively provided you just
invest all of your resources into
getting more gold you'll end up being
able to buy out literally everything and
I think it's roughly every 10 turns you
get the ability to do an empire plan
this is where you effectively divide the
Empire's attention up into doing
something important in our case you
always just want to put all of your
influence into the economy and
population side of things because this
is going to give us an extra free gold
per citizens
oh no and devastating news winter has
started now winter is a huge mechanic in
this game to most factions this
basically means the end of growth your
population is going to struggle to grow
with the lack of food you're producing
in our case it doesn't really make much
of a difference sure -1 on all terrains
with dust but our dust output is going
to slowly start shifting away from the
regions we're gathering it from and more
on to just our actual raw population
output we produce 8 gold per person now
this is an entirely right we produce a
little bit more but still it's very
important anyway next time we're going
to have a settler up and running and
he's going to be able to come over to
this region here and get it colonized
and we've been we've purchased a settler
you know it was to here we might as well
buy another piece of population to oh
yes now this city is making a hundred 25
gold in comparison the AI around us are
probably going to be making normally
around about one or two we're only on
turn fourteen so most of their economy
it's not going to be up and running for
about another 20 or so turns and we're
BAM we've got a brand new city down oh
it's going to be a very profitable one
as soon as winters over this city is
going to start exploding in profit and
of course when you get a city down
you're going to want to immediately grab
yourself the Empire mint and because
we're not like a normal city we don't
have to wait for our population to grow
we can just drop down free pops
immediately on this city and now it's
making 40 gold which is downright
fantastic and there we go winter has
come to an end
and fantastic news for us our gold
production even though we're only on
turn 17 is now 171
amazing that's absolutely amazing now
we've managed to unlock the second era
of Technology and the second ear is when
our abilities start really coming online
it's the error in which we're able to
get some very important bonuses most
importantly prisoners slaves and
volunteers basically we're going to
flood building sites with a bunch of
cheap labor and consequently it means
buying units in cities with gold and
buying buildings is much much much
cheaper also going to be able to just
buy a bunch of resources on the stock
market too now some fun things we can do
is our faction because we have so much
money in comparison to everyone else yes
we can buy heroes before everyone else
really financially can actually do it
like for example this lovely hero here
with a dust efficiency of free I mean
that's very important we're going to
need this guy every ever here is not so
good but lord Payton Quinn here BAM this
is the man because what we can do with
Lord Paige and Quinn is we can assign
them to the city which is making 188
gold we can go whoa BAM
Payton guess what you know in here
suddenly it's making 221 hmm that's
fantastic now there are some important
things you want to pick up if you're
doing an economic play fruit firstly
there are some things you can win
basically at each tech group this game
has effectively free bonus challenges
where you can get one minor upgrade
similar to almost the wanders from
civilization we can build the Museum of
Auriga I know it's fantastic it
basically makes your empire little bit
happier but most importantly it gives
you a bonus of plus 20% gold in your
entire empire provided the Empire is
happy which is amazing that's all you
need only downside is it can only be
built once in the world so how are we
gonna build it before everyone else well
what you're gonna do is you're gonna buy
the resources necessary to build the
bloody Fink and then we can just slap it
down wherever we like let's say right
here and instead eventually building it
we're instead going to buy it in a
couple of turns time because you can
actually wait 12 turns to build a wander
which someone else might have already
beaten you to now it's suddenly become
winter but honestly that hasn't actually
changed the amount of money we're making
too much provided we keep popping wine
to make our Empire ridiculously happy
we're going to keep making around about
239 gold per turn which is absolutely
ridiculous considering the stage of the
game we're at and next turn I'm hoping
we should be able to buy this museum and
just basically cheese our way to an
early victory because no one else is
going to have built this bad boy yet and
we've just bought him for six hundred
and three
d I'm also going to change our Empire
plan so that we gain free gold per
citizen on our cities but also building
buyout is reduced by over 25% it's now
means we only have to pay 50% the
original cost to buy out a building
probably should have thought about that
before we bought the museum but you know
these things happen but allow me to
demonstrate what effect that's going to
have the policy will kick in next turn
but if we were to buy this Turner
titanium extractor it would cost us 73
gold let's see how much it would cost
next turn next turn it will instead only
cost 49 that's much more balanced now
already we're making a lot of money much
more than we really should but this has
put us in a great situation in terms of
score we're not quite absolutely
crushing it but don't worry we soon will
with a few easy things at the moment it
costs as 159 to buy population every
time we buy more population the cost
goes up but that makes perfect sense
what doesn't necessarily make perfect
sense is the fact that this population
is going to make a lot of money
see buying one dude is going to take up
with the gold production this city from
189 to 209 that's right each citizen is
now given us 20 extra gold and that
actually is only going to increase as
this guy levels up this guy he's
exceedingly low level he can become so
much better trust me because we've dust
efficiency free we get plus 1% dust per
Heroes level on the city the higher
level this guy is the more percentage
dust you have you get him up to dust
trickery get him right the way to level
free suddenly this guy if he's level 10
is gonna be adding around about plus 55%
I do believe to the gold production in a
city which is crazy considering that
we're ready gaining a plus 30 percent
and we just picked up that special
building which is now granting us a +4
over 20% oh my goodness this is very
unique indeed anyway summer has arrived
and we're now making 400 gold per turn
once again that's nice but we could be
owning a lot more you see there are
regions over here region of railay it's
not fantastic but my goodness we're
gonna still be able to make a lot of
money from it so that's exactly what
we're gonna do which is gonna wander our
army on over there we're gonna make some
money whilst all of this is going on we
might as well actually start churning
out some decent units heck if we wanted
to we could build the industrial mega
poll which is basically going to make
all construction a bit easier and much
cheaper you know what let's do it what
are we gonna need 15 of the rare
resources that's fine we can
of this just a bunch of strategic
resources really at the end of the day
now the reason I made it so the
extracting rare resources was more
expensive is because buying rare
resources as these guys is going to be
fine it's going to actually be
surprisingly cheap to simply buy our way
to success so what we're going to do
we're just going to buy ourselves five
more titanium will BAM and now we can
suddenly construct the industrial mega
poll which is gonna slap it down right
next to our city why not not the most
efficient spot but honestly doesn't
matter the industrial mega poll however
this guy is massive so technically he's
going to take 22 turns to build
alternatively for only a thousand and
four hundred gold we're going to be able
to buy this guy and you know as much I
love construction I like money just a
bit more now also another bonus strong
feature of this faction is that take a
look at our science we're making 63
science per turn not fantastic probably
pretty average around this time but what
we can do with our science and be
demonstrated next turn see we're going
to end our turn finish alchemy workshops
that's fantastic great stuff alchemy
workshops complete now it's going to
take us free turns to research the
public library because the public
library is going to cost us a hundred
seventy-five research points however
this isn't the case because we can just
simply go over here and buy a hundred
science for a hundred and forty two gold
that's not that expensive if I'm honest
at all and there we have it we can now
buy the industrial mega poll because we
have 1300 gold so we'll BAM just drew a
mega poll it's gonna get ready next turn
ladies and gentlemen with our spare
money i swatched buy a few more titanium
extractors fantastic stuff so BAM the
industrial mega poll has been built with
the first people to do that glory
success to us I guess fantastic now with
all of our spare money we're just going
to start buying some better science
production because you know we might as
well and with any leftover cash I
suppose we can just buy another dude
there we go one more dude in the city
know our lovely dust efficiency mayor
has just been upgraded once more now
he's gonna become a dust divine a plus
one on any terrain which produces dust
so basically the city is now making 267
gold which is very nice and you know
what because he's being so kind and
lovely we're gonna give him an extra do
to work with oh you know what and
another one or now we're making fringe
and 33 gold now you're gonna start
seeing the snowball happy
oh this is where things start going
completely out of control now as part of
our mission we've just been tasked with
colonizing a region which has at least
13 gold now luckily as a spot in this
region right here which if we put a
starting city down makes 19 gold so
that's exactly what we're going to do
our lovely stuff and now we're going to
need to pacify the locals and get some
resources up and running but of course
when we have a new town we can actually
get these guys online ridiculously
quickly because all of the buildings
which we expect to be built in a city
can just all be purchased using gold BAM
63 gold 63 gold all of that done that's
an entire city's basic infrastructure
done in one turn and you know what let's
get a couple more dudes in it went out
to a population of four lovely BAM I've
jumped into the midpoint of the video
when you would least expected me I'm
literally just here to tell you to go
refill your cup of tea
we got some more some much it's
quickfire time I know it is it's great
going through these really quickly you
can even like the video anyway you know
what happens when you press the like
weird on this button 10,000 gold falls
into your lap or into mine it's a 50/50
chance and you might as well give it a
try anyway let's dive right back into
this video ah something fantastic has
happened this turn ladies and gentlemen
we have discovered the right of way I
know ladies and gentlemen who nude
learning to drive on the left-hand side
of the road was just so important the
right of way allows us to get trade
routes built now trade routes ladies and
gentlemen in this game are ridiculous in
the game of civilization six for example
they weren't anything too crazy in this
game a trade route is going to allow you
to do something completely an utterly
ridiculous trivia which not only give
you gold they give you science and that
is utterly mad and now that we've got
the right-of-way built between these two
cities as you can see we're already
starting to make money now money from
trading isn't actually anything too
crazy at the start of the game as you
can see it's pretty simple the distances
isn't that long so trading is not going
to be that wild but it improves
massively with time now of course our
hero who is governing our city has
leveled up again and whilst we could
give him dusty vinyl we want to make
away as fast as possible to dust
trickery trust me it's very valuable and
the level up on him isn't useless anyway
because it does increase the amount of
gold the city is producing this one city
is producing 489
Gold which is ridiculous this one is a
hundred and twenty-five oh my goodness
these are just wild absolutely wild
numbers and perfect we've got ourselves
another legendary here of the broken
Lords at old Baron djursland over here
we're just gonna give him a quick
purchase and slap him down our lovely
city of whole cars over here a goat
tempt you to make some money anyway
we've managed to just research a dust
depository now this is a very important
building because it provides plus for
gold per citizen in the city working
gold now as you know we currently get 11
gold per citizen working gold although
it roughly translates out more to 20
dust depository means that 20 is going
to instead become more like a 30 maybe
even a 40 person is it consequently we
want to get this bad boy as fast as
possible and for that we're going to
need to borrow some glass steel so that
is by five of the good stuff fantastic
sets us back 100 gold you know it
honestly doesn't matter provided we can
get this thing built now what I'm going
to sadly have to do for a couple of
turns is to move almost our entire
population off of the production of gold
and switch them to the production of
influence this is because without a
doubt we have to get access to master of
markets this is a very important bonus
which means we get a plus fifty percent
bonus to all of our trade routes as you
can probably guess that is ridiculously
important to have so we're going to have
that going until this is finished next
turn and even though we have most of our
population working on getting influenced
instead of money we're still making five
hundred gold per turn but anyway now
that we've got all of our bonuses into
gold production we're going to switch
our populist back and you'll notice this
city produces 186 gold now it produces a
hell of a lot more my goodness 551 the
things we can do and we haven't even got
dust refinery down that's another plus
80 percent gold now of course with our
immense wealth even though we'd length
the strategic resources necessary to
build the alchemic Institute one of the
great scientific wonders of the world
we're going to be able to do it anyways
it's gonna give us plus 25 percent
science just for literally fracking it
down and that's exactly what we're going
to do but of course we lack the 20
adamantium necessary in order to build
it luckily we'll just go to the market
by ourselves 20 adamantium for a
horrific amount of money and get this
bad boy built right here of course it's
going to cost us two thousand to
actually build this but don't worry
we're gonna be able to speed up the
process massively especially once we
have our dust roof
mine rebuilt yes also the city is now
making 632 gold do not ask too many
questions it's fine and we go to turns
into building the academic Institute
which is going to speed our way through
that no problem splendid stuff indeed
and our academic Institute has been
built and Lord Paton governing the city
is actually upgraded and consequently
because he's leveled at once the city is
now making 886 gold now I've returned we
buy a population for say six hundred
gold our income of the city goes up from
about 922 yeah 952 mmm that's a that's a
fair bit too much isn't it ladies it's
about 33 gold per citizen in this city
very spicy indeed
oh no when it's winter which means
everything's gone wrong except it hasn't
we're still making a ridiculous amount
of money everyone else's armies get
worse our armies don't actually matter
we can lose them and we're still going
to basically win the game anyway we're
gonna get that National Arena of ours
built because that thing looks great fun
and it's also going to help us get on
our way to the quest of becoming the
master of markets of a glorious
influence hopefully and also for that
we're going to need to build a national
bloody Museum I know anyway so now we're
going to move all of our populace across
from making money on to making influence
they now make a hundred influence per
turn which is nice but it could be
better
so we're gonna get that National Museum
built for that we need to buy the five
adamantium and wabam National Museum
it's gonna be finished next turn because
we have a ridiculous amount of money and
can get anything done so even though
we're not going to be making a thousand
gold this turn it doesn't really matter
ladies and gentlemen because in a couple
of turns time we'll be back to making a
thousand gold we might be making even
more but we just need to get these trade
routes in and that we need lots and lots
of influence Oh in our capital city
duties levelled up again now we can get
dust trickery which is gonna be plus 15%
gold on the city now if we put this into
perspective what that would mean is we
put all of our populace on here they'd
be making seven hundred and ninety seven
gold very very good if we then add him
into the mix get our upgrade in they're
not making 859 mmm this is very good the
upgrades are just gonna keep on coming
anyway we need to get more influence in
and that's exactly what we're going to
do and now that we have so much
influence from putting our population on
just getting influenced done we can
actually spend a ridiculous quantity of
influence on making our cities happier
given our unit's better movement and
also mass
increasing our science output this is
absolutely ridiculous
wha-bam suddenly we're going to probably
become the best science producing nation
with a Empire output of 523 science but
most importantly our gold output as well
and trade output is also fantastic as
well as the fact that all of our cities
are now very happy indeed are we've
entered research error number four okay
this is a big one and a dearth of dust
owner - - gold on all dust terrains Oh
terrible news not that it matters
because we're making a ridiculous amount
of money
how on earth we're still making seven
hundred gold and haven't even got my
populous on gold population I do not
know and we completed the legendary deed
I do believe yeah we got plus 100
percent gold on approval provided our
Empire is happy this is fantastic news
for us because effectively it's just
doubled the amount of gold we're earning
which is ridiculous I mean if we move
our populace away from making influence
and into gold we're now making roughly
around about 1500 which is crazy
fantastic
thank you very much game of course we
actually need to get the benevolent
Emperor built so we're gonna pop that
down in our capital city and then we did
it we got negotiation tactics Oh
fantastic this allows us to build the
city improvement which is going to very
importantly increase the trade route
bonus we receive in this city it's also
really cheap to build along with the
benevolent Emperor so WebM only 127 gold
to get even more gold from our trade
routes I love it that's going to be
great now we can move our populace away
from producing useless influence over to
fantastic glorious gold oh my the city
is now going to make almost a thousand
gold in this city well it's not going to
be too far behind I'll tell you what we
could do if we could actually probably
do with expanding our borders just a
little bit and a sector to the south of
us there's one region which just has
three different luxury resources in
close proximity so definitely going to
capture that that looks great fun and
now that we've got our gold production
up and running it's turn 64 in our
capital city is producing one thousand
four hundred and seventy gold nice
that's absolutely crazy and what we're
going to be able to do is we can make
this even better you see there are some
luxuries you can buy to basically just
make gold even better in your cities
where silk here's pretty good plus 100
percent gold from trade routes in all
cities which is nice are the one that
really really matters is dust water plus
50 percent gold on cities so let's just
buy as
much of this as we can and hopefully in
a couple of turns time when more of it
floods onto the market we'll be able to
buy some of this lovely dust water and I
think in this region here we can
actually start producing dust water
which is going to be even more valuable
for us oh my goodness oh so basically we
make about 2,000 gold per turn which is
absolutely crazy and 1,500 of that money
entirely comes from our capital city
here which is just wild absolutely wild
the best thing is this is the true
snowball ladies and gentlemen now turn
66 we can just buy population and every
single population we buy is roughly
another I think that's about 50 or 70
we're adding in terms of gold production
in our capital city alone and this is
going to also start really impacting the
neighboring cities too so for example
whole cars over here we can start buying
population at ridiculously cheap prices
and we increase this city and of course
by increasing the city we also improve
the trade routes in and out of these
cities and yeah you can see where the
loop is starting to happen now so far
we're generating 128 science from our
trade routes which is wild and our trade
routes are enough to keep our one single
army up and running
my goodness we probably should get some
extra units in there oh my goodness
we've got a spot right here ladies and
gentlemen which is plus 21 gold just to
put the city right here and you know
what that's exactly what we're going to
do oh this is going to be a good City
and already we're just going to span out
all of the necessary buildings to get
this city up and running we're going to
harvest it of all of its resources and
in order to build this old look it's
good to take infinite turns because
there's no production in this city well
it's a good thing I just brought my
entire bank account with me ah yes let's
buy a city into existence perfect that
is what I call one city up and running
in exactly the way the game developers
intended it to oh and we've completed
the legendary deed of being the first
empire to make 4,000 gold in one turn
fantastic anyway let's get our city of
holkar's over here up to a bit of a
better state because I mean we focused a
lot of attention onto our capital
whereas really we should have sunk a lot
into whole cars too so let's buy a bunch
of the population there we go now
there's 19 people living there in there
making 1300 gold instead and it also
means all the trade routes in and out of
this city are going to get massively
increased now our second sis you ever
hear of whole Cara's also massively been
improved it's now making 1600 gold
turn a capsule is making mm and the
cities of rarely inhale cross to go to
take a while to catch up but don't worry
they'll get that one day and we've now
finally entered the fifth research age
which is when we probably want to start
actually dropping all of the research
we've previously planning on doing
because it's no longer going to be
important for us
sorry old research but we have new
research to worry about see new research
allows us to improve improve dust
Alchemy's which you know plus five gold
on any terrain with dust which is very
nice but most important lets us build
Town Criers for plus 40% gold on a city
now that is something I very much care
about now because we have so much money
we can actually now start buying things
which make us more money like the luxury
resources for example grass silk over
here plus 100% gold from trade routes so
we can just buy a bunch of that stuff
pop it off and we're gonna watch our
money from trade roots go from 600 to
1000 now we're making 10k gold per turn
yeah things are going completely wrong
here in the eyes of game balance but you
know this is perfectly fine in my
opinion sure we have one city over here
making four thousand two hundred gold
per turn but we don't need to worry
about it it's okay remember it's
balanced out by the city upkeep and no
no it's not it's not at all really oh
god what have we done what have we done
good news ladies and gentlemen we
finally managed to accrue enough of the
luxuries in order to tame an air can and
we're generating thirteen thousand gold
per turn and of course we've managed a
tractor on the air can in particular
which gives us a bunch of extra gold
bonuses if we manage to take control of
it so let's go and tame this bad boy
there you go take this lovely spice my
friend our and fantastic we've taken
control of a lovelier camp now the
reason why this is important is because
we have some bonuses we can get dust
alisha which is very nice this gives
plus 20% dust for all neighboring
regions we can also make the air can
more powerful and then just make it even
more powerful with buffs all allied
units in a region generally these are
cans they're great fun very very
powerful beings what we're going to need
though is 15 of those resources in order
to make this earth can a legendary gold
boy
anyway let's quickly move this er can
into a new region so that he gives the
most benefits possible I think slap-bang
in this region right here would be great
and the best thing is when he sat in a
region he gets all of the resources of
that region too so all of the bonuses
they just instantly become here
I'm about to purchase the necessary 15
spices to make this guy even more
overpowered so were BAM Oh can't
congratulations 15 spices oh yes
suddenly more gold in this region here
why simply because it just borders a no
can that's plus 275 gold because it
borders the massive def monster next
door I would of course our commander guy
he's been upgraded and we've absolutely
capped out dust trickery so it's time
for us I guess to improve +1 gold on
trade with dust this city's wild 6,000
gold per turn on one city's too stupid
absolutely stupid cost us a thousand to
get one new civilian out that each
civilian adds so much gold it's
ridiculous there we go just put all of
the population into one city
we got 65 people in this one city that's
so many people so really more than
everything else at this game God what
are we dead if you look at the score for
all of the AIS there aren't around about
over mid 400s or mid 300s
we're on 1,000 we're more than double
the AIS with 65% of the way towards an
economic victory which is just downright
ridiculous so I was doing a bit of work
off-screen only a couple of turns and I
accidentally won the game it turns out
we want an economic victory on turn 88
yeah we kind of beans did a bit in the
current game type we were playing you
need to make around about 2 million dust
I do believe and as you can see we were
making a lot of dust in one turn we made
over 20,000 dust meaning we won the dust
game with all the other empires like say
a coop over here making zero dust per
turn lilia makes minus 45 and Osman
makes 78 we make a bit more than that
I'm afraid
oh my goodness what have we done see if
things in our empire are going great
everyone's leveling up everyone's
becoming ridiculously more of a power
Dino la dee da da da everything is great
our capital city is 69 people living
inside of it the city next to it also
has 69 people in it and this city over
here is 40 so let's fix that
there we go it's an up to 58 I suppose
that's quite good I don't know if I need
to stop all of my workers making bloody
influence they need to actually start
making money can't believe we've won the
turn when our capital city wasn't even
making money what a strange situation we
find ourselves in oh and we've hit the
final age of research it's the end of
Ages ladies and gentlemen
very exciting one indeed now of course
the power of people in my Empire is
pretty impressive can we Warr 69 people
away from making influence and just put
them on gold and were bad we go from
making four thousand five hundred to
nine thousand no let's get this city up
to ten thousand why not and there we go
it's now making ten thousand gold why
should a city make that much money there
don't ask too many questions ladies and
gentlemen we have the most populous
empire in the entire world for no
particular reason no my goodness what
have we done I forgot we can also use
dust water to to increase plus fifty
percent gold from cities now we're
making 30k footer
oh god Gabe please you have to stop the
eventually we're not meant to be able to
do this I love this game it's so good it
is just so powerful what an experience
until we have a ladies and gentlemen all
of our cities now have 69 population
living inside of them why on earth this
is the case it doesn't matter but it
doesn't allow us to see just how much
money all of our cities are making in
comparison to each other and it's all
completely nicely ridiculous of course
what a turn ladies and gentlemen it's um
it's a very unique one it's turned a
hundred of the game and in the next term
we're going to discover dust driven
distillery which is gonna grant plus
100% gold to all of our cities and it is
exactly as wild as it sounds trust me oh
and so the fun begins oh it's very
exciting I do love a good bit of war and
splendid the dust distillery has been
researched and this is where things are
going to go wacky you see we're going to
move all of our civilians that we had in
here doing science and we're instead
going to move them over towards working
in the economy so here we go
whoa BAM now this city is making 18,000
gold in one term the Empire is making
50,000 gold a lot of these minor cities
they're almost making 10,000 let's boost
them up to 10,000 why not doesn't cost
us much money in order to do so there we
go
53,000 gold per turn that's how much
money we're making this is absolutely
ridiculous in terms of score we're
roughly three times the score of the
next nearest AI we have completely
smashed it if we look at the status
screen look at dust here's our dust
production here's the a is ninety a
hundred fourteen and twenty four garbage
here's our industry I have the highest
industry and I haven't Specht into
industry food however we do
terrible um food research highest
research by far this is actually the
amount of research we've done science
output you could say we have the high
science output heist influence output
well we have it when we can actually be
arsed doing influence we even have the
highest expansion for some reason and by
far the most population oh my goodness I
love this game this is too much fun oh
this is far too much fun oh I forgot to
pop this oh now we're making even more
that's the plus 50% gold on cities oh
let's just pop all of the boosters why
not who knows what half of them do BAM
all of the boosters all of the fun next
turn how much money give me the money
ladies and gentlemen give me all of the
money and next turn it would appear we
have somehow generated or we're making
fifty nine thousand a turn
hmm now that is an enjoyable quantity of
cash and we've just so much money we can
just make so many new population ogen of
a hundred population city all right this
one over here BAM crank the population
up on that 89 people in there now this
is wild absolutely wild sixty-two
thousand gold per turn you know what I
think that's it I've ruined this world
enough I've destroyed this game all of
its balance is out the window
this is fantastic West we have low
economic victory doesn't matter
we can do whatever we like we might as
well go for a bloody conquest victory at
this point with the economy to just
churn out units infinitely we can cover
the entire map with full stacks of
armies and defeat the AI even with
garbage out TechEd units but we're not
out texts because we have by far the
most research production economy you
name it we've got it all anyway I've
been the smithing Brit ladies and
gentlemen as always a massive thank you
to each and every one of my amazing
patrons you make these fantastic videos
all the more possible you lovely people
especially all of you have joined us in
January welcome aboard
your names are now displayed on screen
and thank you very much to even all of
you donating just a small amount by way
of making up for your use of ad blocker
that's right I know you cheeky people
out there using it and hey if you've
enjoyed this video feel free to give it
a like my goodness is it absolutely
crazy and if you want to see another one
just like it then I do consider
subscribing and also check out this
video here trust me if you enjoyed this
one you're gonna love this next video
anyway I'll see each and every one of
you in the next one
have an absolutely lovely day and
goodbye for now
[Music]